# CS320
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
Throughout the course we learned about the importance of testing software. We also learned of the different testing techniques and why they are important. The focus was to create a program and they test the program utilizing JUnit tests. Ensuring I meet the clients requirements and my tests have a high coverage percentage will ensure my software is functional and secure. 
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
The gathering of requirements is one of the most important aspects of the SDLC. This is important because if the requirements are not documented correctly, they cannot be translated into the program. Ensuring they is a solid plan to meeting these requirements and testing the program to ensure they are met are key to creating a program that satisfies the client and the end user. When creating the program for this course it was important to identify the requirements for ContactService, TaskService, and AppointmentService. Then translating that to the coded program and testing that the code works. For example ContactService had a requirement of contactID that could not be more than ten characters. To ensure this was met it was coded into the program and then JUnit tested. 
How do I approach designing software?
As mentioned above it is important to understand the requirements of the program. After this it is about planning how they will be incorporated into the software. Sometime utilizing a flowchart or pseudocode helps with this planning. When the code is developed and the requirements have seemed to be met the code will be tested. I tend to test my code as much as possible throughout the development. JUnit test will be another layer that helps with this testing of the code. 
